Added getting started section (#49)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template: getting_started_modules.md

## Getting Started

> 

Reviewer: Should have a `Content` section on top.

Could also add a short explination of all the folders in the repo to get a better overview. I.e:
```sh
├── conf
│   └── nomad #----------------------------- All nomad job files should go here
├── dev
│   ├── ansible #---------------------------- All playbooks
│   └── vagrant #--------------------------- All box spesific jobs
├── docker #-------------------------------- Dockerfile in here?
├── example #----------------------------- Should include a working example of your module
└── template_example #---------------- Example of a complete module
```

Author: I like that, added it!

### Goal of This Guide

> > :warning: Before anything, if you haven't, read the section `Description - what & why` in [README.md](/README.md).

Reviewer: Maybe say why the reader should read the `Description` section?

Author: Done!

> The template you found this README in is specifically built to make it as easy and quick as possible to make terraform modules, and then test them inside the [vagrant-hashistack](https://app.vagrantup.com/fredrikhgrelland/boxes/hashistack) box. 

Reviewer 2: No sure that grammar is correct, just an offer (had feeling that it's written in yoda style)
```suggestion
The template you found in this README is specifically built to make it as easy and quick as possible to make terraform modules, and then test them inside the [vagrant-hashistack](https://app.vagrantup.com/fredrikhgrelland/boxes/hashistack) box. 
```

Author: I think the grammar is correct, but a little awakward. With your suggestion the template is inside the README, but the README is found inside the template. I'm talking about the repo-template here.

I'll rephrase it!

This guide aims to show you how to use this template. The steps we are going to walk through are as follows: TODO:UPDATE THIS LIST

> - Building a docker image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [optional] Building a docker image
```

Author: Updated this :)

- Creating a nomad job that uses this image
- Creating the terraform module
- Making the nomad job more dynamic

### The development process

#### 1. Building Docker Image

> > :warning: This section is only relevant if you want to build your own docker image. Skip this if you are new.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: This section is only relevant if you want to build your own docker image. Skip this if you don't need one.
```

Most of the terraform modules will deploy one or more docker-containers to Nomad. If you want to create your own docker-image, put the [`Dockerfile`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/) under [docker/](/docker/).

#### 2. Deploying Container With Nomad

> At this point you should have a service that will run when you start the docker container. TODO:ADD LINK TO SIMPLE CONTAINER TO USE FOR GUIDE Either you've made a container yourself, or you are using some other container. The next step is then to deploy this container to our hashistack ecosystem. Nomad is running inside our virtual machine, and is used to deploy containers, and register them into Consul. It also has a tight integration with vault that we will use later. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this point you should have a service that will run when you start the docker container. TODO:ADD LINK TO SIMPLE CONTAINER TO USE FOR GUIDE Either you've made a container yourself, or you are using some other container. The next step is then to deploy this container to our hashistack ecosystem. Nomad is running inside a virtual machine and is used to deploy containers and register them into Consul. It also has tight integration with vault that we will use later. 
```

Author: I honestly like `our` better, it makes it clear we are talking about the virtual machine that has been started earlier.

WDYT?

Reviewer 2: it's ok for me.

##### a. Making image available to Nomad

> > :warning: Skip this step if you are using a pre-made container

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> :warning: Skip this step if you plan to download docker image from the registry
```

> The image we built in our first step is now available as an image on our local machine, but our virtual machine does not have access to that. We need to take our docker image and make that available inside our box (because that is where the nomad server is running). To be able to transfer files from our local machine to the vagrant box we are going to use MinIO which was mentioned earlier. As mentioned in [Making artifacts available](#2-minio) everything put in the root directory will be available in MinIO. [This section](#pushing-resources-to-minio-with-ansible-docker-image) shows how we can use ansible code to:

Reviewer: - We never built the image, we only moved a Dockerfile to docker/?
- Where is MinIO mentioned earlier?

Reviewer 2: @pdmthorsrud Building a docker image process is actually will happen inside the `vm` 
https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/blob/master/template_example/dev/ansible/01_build_docker_image.yml#L8-L18

Reviewer 2: @pdmthorsrud Transfer files (its archive with docker image) actually happening from `vm` to `minio` (which is used as artifactory). There is a directory which will be mounted as minio data https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/blob/master/template_example/dev/ansible/01_build_docker_image.yml#L20-L28

Author: Ah, yup, thanks for this. I got that all wrong! Will fix

Author: Fixed it! Marking resolved so I don't get lost with all the fixes, please unresolve if you're not happy! :D

- 1. create a tmp folder 
- 2. build and archive our docker image in that tmp folder 

##### b. Creating a nomad job

> Next step is to create the nomad job that deploys our image. This guide will not focus on how to make a nomad job, but a full example can be found at [template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl](template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl). Your nomad job-file should go under `conf/nomad/`. If you made your own docker image see [fetching docker image](#fetching-resources-from-minio-with-nomad-docker-image) on how to use that in your nomad job. When the nomad job-file has been created we can try and run it. We can do this one of two ways:

Reviewer: Where is this section: `fetching-resources-from-minio-with-nomad-docker-image`?

Author: Missing link, will fix!

- Log on the machine with `vagrant ssh` and run it with the nomad-cli available on the virtual machine. Remember that all files inside `/vagrant` are shared with the folder of this file, meaning you can go to `/vagrant/conf/nomad` to find your hcl-file. Then run it with `nomad job run <nameofhcl.hcl>`.  
- If you have the nomad-cli on your local machine you can run it from your local machine directly with `nomad job run <nameofhcl.hcl>`. 

After sending the job to nomad you can check the status by going to `localhost:4646`. If you see your job running you can go to the next step.

#### 3. Creating the Terraform Module
Now that we know the nomad-job is working we want to write some terraform code that when imported will take the hcl-file and run the nomad-job. This is our terraform module!

> A terraform module normally consists of a minimum of three files, `main.tf`, `variables.tf`, `outputs.tf`. Technically we only need one, but it's customary to include at least these three. `main.tf` contains the [resources](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html) used, `variables.tf` contains all variables used, and `outputs.tf` defines any output variables (if relevant). All files should be put in the root (same as the folder this README is in). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A terraform module normally consists of a minimum of three files, `main.tf`, `variables.tf`, `outputs.tf`. Technically we only need one, but it's customary to include at least these three. 
- `main.tf` contains the [resources](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html) used.
- `variables.tf` contains all variables used. 
- `outputs.tf` defines any output variables (if relevant). 
All files should be put in the root (same as the folder this README is in). 
```

#### 4. Using a Terraform Module
At this point we have created three files (or one): 

- `main.tf` 
- `variables.tf` 
- `outputs.tf` 

Together they do one thing: Start a nomad job. Aren't we done with our goal then? Almost. We still need to verify that it works the way we expect it to. Next step is to write some terraform code that runs the module we just made. Then we'll import that code to our virtual machine and run it there. There are two steps to this
1. Write the code that uses the module, and run it manually inside the virtual machine 
2. Write ansible code that'll run it automatically when you start the box.

Below is an example on how to use a module:

 ```hcl-terraform

> module "whatever" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
module "minio" {
```

```hcl-terraform
provider "nomad" {
  address = "http://127.0.0.1:4646"
}
```

we have now told terraform what Nomad we want to use. Try running your terraform code with `terraform init` (we need to load the nomad provider), `terraform plan` (this time it should succeed), then lastly `terraform apply`, which will execute the plan. Go to `localhost:4646` to check if the nomad-job has started running, if it has, congratulations, you have made your first working terraform module!

##### b. Using Ansible To Run the Code in the Previous Step On Startup

> Way earlier I mentioned that ALL ansible tasks put inside `dev/ansible/` will be run when the box starts. We can use this to automatically start our module when we run `make up`. The ansible code for running terraform code is below. Add this to `run-terraform.yml` or another aptly named file.

Reviewer: Referring to:
>Way earlier I mentioned that ALL ansible tasks put inside `dev/ansible/`

Where do you mention this?

Author: Ah, I moved around some files. Mentioned in vagrantbox-file

##### a. Making image available to Nomad

> :warning: Skip this step if you are using a pre-made container

The image we built in our first step is now available as an image on our local machine, but our virtual machine does not have access to that. We need to take our docker image and make that available inside our box (because that is where the nomad server is running). To be able to transfer files from our local machine to the vagrant box we are going to use MinIO which was mentioned earlier. As mentioned in [Making artifacts available](#2-minio) everything put in the root directory will be available in MinIO. [This section](#pushing-resources-to-minio-with-ansible-docker-image) shows how we can use ansible code to:

> - 1. create a tmp folder 

Reviewer 2: This temp folder will be mounted into minio and become bucket

Author: Think I've made this a lot clearer now. Resolving to keep track of comments. Please unresolve if not OK

- 2. build and archive our docker image in that tmp folder 

##### b. Creating a nomad job

> Next step is to create the nomad job that deploys our image. This guide will not focus on how to make a nomad job, but a full example can be found at [template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl](template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl). Your nomad job-file should go under `conf/nomad/`. If you made your own docker image see [fetching docker image](#fetching-resources-from-minio-with-nomad-docker-image) on how to use that in your nomad job. When the nomad job-file has been created we can try and run it. We can do this one of two ways:

Reviewer 2: not specifically our docker image. It could be downloaded from registry
```suggestion
Next step is to create the nomad job that deploys a container from the docker image. Full example can be found at [template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl](template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl). Nomad job-file should go under `conf/nomad/`. If you made your own docker image see [fetching docker image](#fetching-resources-from-minio-with-nomad-docker-image) on how to use that in your nomad job. When the nomad job-file has been created we can try and run it. We can do this one of two ways:
```

Author: Our image in this case is "the image we want to use in this guide". Could also be from docker registry, it's just "our" image in the sense that we are using the image in our template. 

Would you still like me to change it?

Author: Was that a "Cool, don't have to change it"-thumb, or a "Cool, I'm answering yes to your question"-thumb?

Reviewer 2: @pdmthorsrud Cool, don't have to change it

A terraform module normally consists of a minimum of three files, `main.tf`, `variables.tf`, `outputs.tf`. Technically we only need one, but it's customary to include at least these three. 
- `main.tf` contains the [resources](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html) used.
- `variables.tf` contains all variables used. 
- `outputs.tf` defines any output variables (if relevant). 
All files should be put in the root (same as the folder this README is in). 

##### main.tf
In our case the only thing our main.tf should contain is a resource that takes our nomad-job file and deploys it to Nomad. Below is an example of such a resource:

```hcl-terraform
resource "nomad_job" "countdash" {
  jobspec = file("${path.module}/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl")
  detach  = false
}
```

`${path.module}` is the path to where our module is. `detach = false` tells terraform to wait for the service to be healthy in nomad before finishing. [Documentation on the resource used](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/nomad/latest/docs/resources/job).

##### variables.tf

> 

Reviewer 2: Could you add a link to the official documentation in this section? https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/variables.html

Reviewer: i'll fix this

> :warning: In the first iteration we don't need any input variables.

In this file you define any variables you would want to be input variables to your module. If we are provisioning a postgres service, maybe we'd like a "Name of postgres database" variable as input, or "Number of servers to provision" if you are provisioning a cluster.  A variable is defined like below:

```hcl-terraform
variable "service_name" {
  type        = string
  description = "Minio service name"
  default     = "minio"
}
```

##### outputs.tf

> :warning: In the first iteration we don't need any output variables.

> 

Reviewer 2: Link to the official documentation? https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/outputs.html

Reviewer: i'll fix this

At this point we have created three files (or one): 

- `main.tf` 
- `variables.tf` 
- `outputs.tf` 

Together they do one thing: Start a nomad job. Aren't we done with our goal then? Almost. We still need to verify that it works the way we expect it to. Next step is to write some terraform code that runs the module we just made. Then we'll import that code to our virtual machine and run it there. There are two steps to this
1. Write the code that uses the module, and run it manually inside the virtual machine 
2. Write ansible code that'll run it automatically when you start the box.

Below is an example on how to use a module:

 ```hcl-terraform
module "whatever" {
  source      = "github.com/fredrikhgrelland/terraform-nomad-minio.git?ref=0.0.3"
}
```

This will fetch the module at the given source. In the case above it is a MinIO module, version 0.0.3. 

##### a. How To Use The Module and Run It Manually
Create a file called `main.tf` under the `example/` directory, and add the code above, change the module's name, and source. The source is `../` in this case because that is where our module files are, relative to the `main.tf` you are writing this in. 

> Let's log onto our virtual machine and try and run it! Run `vagrant ssh` if needed, and navigate to your `/vagrant/example/` folder. Next run `terraform init` to initialize a terraform-workspace. When that is done you can try `terraform plan`, which will read your terraform code and attempt to make a runtime plan. When doing so you will get the error "Error: Missing required argument The argument "address" is required, but was not set.". This is because we are using a resource that deploys a nomad job, but nowhere in our terraform files have we defined _ what_ Nomad to use. At the moment no Nomad is known. This is where [providers]() come into the picture. They are providers for the resources we are using, and in our case we need to define a [Nomad provider](). We could do this in either of our `main.tf` files, but if we do it in our module's `main.tf` it will be very difficult for anyone to use our module, because the Nomad's address is predefined. Instead we should include what nomad to use in our example´s `main.tf`, which is simply an example of how to use the module, meaning anyone else wanting to use the module could supply their own nomad when using the module. To supply a provider add the lines below to your `example/main.tf` file:

Reviewer 2: That's tough to review one-line text. Could you split line by line sentences?
```suggestion
Let's log onto our virtual machine and try and run it! Run `vagrant ssh` if needed, and navigate to your `/vagrant/example/` folder. Next run `terraform init` to initialize a terraform-workspace. When that is done you can try `terraform plan`, which will read your terraform code and attempt to make a runtime plan. When doing so you will get the error "Error: Missing required argument The argument "address" is required, but was not set.". This is because we are using a resource that deploys a nomad job, but nowhere in our terraform files have we defined _what_ Nomad to use. At the moment no Nomad is known. This is where [providers](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/index.html) come into the picture. They are providers for the resources we are using, and in our case we need to define a [Nomad provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/nomad/latest/docs). We could do this in either of our `main.tf` files, but if we do it in our module's `main.tf` it will be very difficult for anyone to use our module, because the Nomad's address is predefined. Instead we should include what nomad to use in our example´s `main.tf`, which is simply an example of how to use the module, meaning anyone else wanting to use the module could supply their own nomad when using the module. To supply a provider add the lines below to your `example/main.tf` file:
```

Author: I've split all lines in modules getting started

```hcl-terraform
provider "nomad" {
  address = "http://127.0.0.1:4646"
}
```

we have now told terraform what Nomad we want to use. Try running your terraform code with `terraform init` (we need to load the nomad provider), `terraform plan` (this time it should succeed), then lastly `terraform apply`, which will execute the plan. Go to `localhost:4646` to check if the nomad-job has started running, if it has, congratulations, you have made your first working terraform module!

##### b. Using Ansible To Run the Code in the Previous Step On Startup

> Way earlier I mentioned that ALL ansible tasks put inside `dev/ansible/` will be run when the box starts. We can use this to automatically start our module when we run `make up`. The ansible code for running terraform code is below. Add this to `run-terraform.yml` or another aptly named file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ALL ansible tasks inside `dev/ansible/` will be run when the box starts. We can use this to automatically start the module when we run `make up`. The ansible code for running the terraform code is below. Add this to `run-terraform.yml` or another file.
```

Author: This one has been rewritten. :) like the others; resolving

```yml
- name: Terraform
  terraform:
    project_path: ../../example
    force_init: true
    state: present
  register: terraform

- name: Terraform stdout
  debug:
    msg: "{{terraform.stdout}}"
```

#### 5. Making The Nomad Job More Dynamic With Terraform Variables

> At this point we have a "hardcoded" nomad job. In the example there isn't really many variables that will benefit from being more dynamic, but we'll demonstrate using the image-name in this case. Earlier it was mentioned that it is normal to have a `variables.tf`, and in this you would define input variables. We want to use this to let the user choose their own image in our module. Create a `variables.tf` in the root-directory, then add the lines below

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this point we have a "hardcoded" nomad job. In the example there isn't really many variables that will benefit from being more dynamic, but we'll demonstrate using the image-name in this case. Create a `variables.tf` in the root-directory, then add the lines below
```

Author: Fixed

```hcl-terraform

> variable "container_name" {

Reviewer 2: Does it suppose to be a `docker_image` ?

Author: Ah yup, I'll fix

Author: Changed to `docker_image`

  type        = string

>   description = "container-name in module"

Reviewer 2: I would suggest changing the description. Does this means container name in docker host or container name in module (what does container name in the module mean?)

Author: changed to `docker image to use in module`

  3. [3. Creating the Terraform Module](#3-creating-the-terraform-module)
    1. [main.tf](#maintf)
    2. [variables.tf](#variablestf)
    3. [outputs.tf](#outputstf)
  4. [4. Using a Terraform Module](#4-using-a-terraform-module)
    1. [a. How To Use The Module and Run It Manually](#a-how-to-use-the-module-and-run-it-manually)
    2. [b. Using Ansible To Run the Code in the Previous Step On Startup](#b-using-ansible-to-run-the-code-in-the-previous-step-on-startup)
  5. [5. Making The Nomad Job More Dynamic With Terraform Variables](#5-making-the-nomad-job-more-dynamic-with-terraform-variables)
  6. [6. Integrating The Nomad Job With Vault](#6-integrating-the-nomad-job-with-vault)
  7. [7. CI/CD Pipeline To Continuously Test The Module When Changes Are Made](#7-cicd-pipeline-to-continuously-test-the-module-when-changes-are-made)

### Goal of This Guide

> :warning: Read the section `Description - what & why` in [README.md](/README.md) to get a quick introduction to what this repo is.

The template-repo you found this README in is specifically built to make it as easy and quick as possible to make terraform modules, and then test them inside the [vagrant

> -hashistack](https://app.vagrantup.com/fredrikhgrelland/boxes/hashistack) box. 

Reviewer 2: One line?
```suggestion
The template-repo you found this README in is specifically built to make it as easy and quick as possible to make terraform modules, and then test them inside the [vagrant-hashistack](https://app.vagrantup.com/fredrikhgrelland/boxes/hashistack) box. 
```

Author: Whoops, I ran some macros to separate everything. Probably didn't account for dots like that one. I'll go through the files and doublecheck everything, definitely a chance there's more

This guide aims to show you how to use this template. 
The steps we are going to walk through are as follows:

> 1. [Optional] [Building Docker Image](#1-building-docker-image)
> 1. [Deploying Container With Nomad](#2-deploying-container-with-nomad)
> 1. [Creating The Terraform Module](#3-creating-the-terraform-module)
> 1. [Using a Terraform Module](#4-using-a-terraform-module)
> 1. [Making The Nomad Job More Dynamic With Terraform Variables](#5-making-the-nomad-job-more-dynamic-with-terraform-variables)
> 1. [Integrating The Nomad Job With Vault](#6-integrating-the-nomad-job-with-vault)
> 1. [CI/CD Pipeline To Continuously Test The Module When Changes Are Made](#7-cicd-pipeline-to-continuously-test-the-module-when-changes-are-made)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Optional] [Building Docker Image](#1-building-docker-image)
2. [Deploying Container With Nomad](#2-deploying-container-with-nomad)
3. [Creating The Terraform Module](#3-creating-the-terraform-module)
4. [Using a Terraform Module](#4-using-a-terraform-module)
5. [Making The Nomad Job More Dynamic With Terraform Variables](#5-making-the-nomad-job-more-dynamic-with-terraform-variables)
6. [Integrating The Nomad Job With Vault](#6-integrating-the-nomad-job-with-vault)
7. [CI/CD Pipeline To Continuously Test The Module When Changes Are Made](#7-cicd-pipeline-to-continuously-test-the-module-when-changes-are-made)
```

Author: I believe just using 1s to signalise a ordered list is normal in markdown, but I guess I can change it anyways!

We can use
 this to automatically start our module when we run `make up`. 
 The ansible code for running terraform code is below. 
 Add this to `run-terraform.yml` or another aptly named file.

```yml
- name: Terraform
  terraform:
    project_path: ../../example
    force_init: true
    state: present
  register: terraform

- name: Terraform stdout
  debug:
    msg: "{{terraform.stdout}}"
```

#### 5. Making The Nomad Job More Dynamic With Terraform Variables
At this point we have a "hardcoded" nomad job. 
In the example there isn't really many variables that will benefit from being more dynamic, but we'll demonstrate using the image-name in this case. 
We want to use this to let the user choose their own image in our module. Create a `variables.tf` in the root-directory, then add the lines below

```hcl-terraform
variable "docker_image" {
  type        = string
  description = "docker image to use in module"
}
```
 
Now try to run this module like you've done earlier. 
At this point you'll get an error TODO:ADD ACTUAL ERROR MSG. 

> This is because there is no code anywhere defining `container_name`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is because there is no code anywhere defining `docker_image `. 
```

This guide aims to show you how to use this template. 
The steps we are going to walk through are as follows:

1. [Optional] [Building Docker Image](#1-building-docker-image)
2. [Deploying Container With Nomad](#2-deploying-container-with-nomad)
3. [Creating The Terraform Module](#3-creating-the-terraform-module)
4. [Using a Terraform Module](#4-using-a-terraform-module)
5. [Making The Nomad Job More Dynamic With Terraform Variables](#5-making-the-nomad-job-more-dynamic-with-terraform-variables)
6. [Integrating The Nomad Job With Vault](#6-integrating-the-nomad-job-with-vault)
7. [CI/CD Pipeline To Continuously Test The Module When Changes Are Made](#7-cicd-pipeline-to-continuously-test-the-module-when-changes-are-made)

### Directory Structure
All directories have their own uses, detailed below:

```text
├── conf
│   └── nomad #----------------------- All nomad job files should go here
├── dev
│   ├── ansible #--------------------- All playbooks
│   └── vagrant #--------------------- All box spesific jobs
├── docker #-------------------------- Dockerfile and docker-image related files

> ├── example #------------------------- Should include a working example of your module

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
├── example #------------------------- Should include a working example(s) of your module
```

└── template_example #---------------- An example module for reference
```

### The development process

#### 1. Building Docker Image

> :warning: This section is only relevant if you want to build your own docker image.

Most of the terraform modules will deploy one or more docker-containers to Nomad. 
If you want to create your own docker-image, put the [`Dockerfile`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/) under [docker/](/docker/).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find an example where we build docker image for the module in [template_example](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/tree/master/template_example/docker)
```

Author: Why are you not linking this directly?
```suggestion
You can find an example where we build docker image for the module in [template_example](/template_example/docker)
```

#### 2. Deploying Container With Nomad
At this point you should have a service that will run when you start the docker container. 
TODO:ADD LINK TO SIMPLE CONTAINER TO USE FOR GUIDE Either you've made a container yourself, or you are using some other container. 
The next step is then to deploy this container to our hashistack ecosystem. Nomad is running inside our virtual machine, and is used to deploy containers, and register them into Consul. 
It also has a tight integration with vault that we will use later. 

##### a. Making image available to Nomad

> :warning: Skip this step if you are using a pre-made image from [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/) or another registry

The image we built in our first step is now available as an image on our local machine, but nomad inside the virtual machine does not have access to that. The only way nomad can

>  use our image is by fetching it from MinIO, which means we need to upload it to MinIO somehow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 use our image is by [fetching it from MinIO](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/blob/master/template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl#L35-L36), which means we need to upload it to MinIO somehow.
```

From [the MinIO section](/getting_started_vagrantbox.md#2-minio) we know that anything inside `/vagrant` will be made available.
[This section](/README.md#pushing-resources-to-minio-with-ansible-docker-image) shows how we can use ansible code to get our image in a subfolder of `/vagrant`:

- 1. create a tmp folder in `/vagrant/dev` inside the box
- 2. build and archive our docker image (from inside the box) in that tmp folder

> 

Reviewer 2: _As an offer, how to simplify this section. (Less words, more examples)_

Example [**how to build and mount docker image to minio bucket**](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/blob/master/template_example/dev/ansible/01_build_docker_image.yml)
```yaml
- name: Remove docker image
  docker_image:
    name: docker_image
    tag: local
    force_absent: true
    state: absent

- name: Build docker image
  docker_image:
    name: docker_image
    tag: local
    build:
      path: /vagrant/docker
      pull: false
      http_timeout: 120
      args:
        TEST_DOWNLOAD_BUILD_ARGUMENT: https://nrk.no
    source: build

# NB! Folder /vagrant is mounted to Minio
# Folder `dev` is going to be a bucket name
- name: Create tmp if it does not exist
  file:
    path: /vagrant/dev/tmp
    state: directory
    mode: '0755'
    owner: vagrant
    group: vagrant

- name: Archive docker image
  docker_image:
    name: docker_image
    tag: local
    archive_path: /vagrant/dev/tmp/docker_image.tar
    source: local
```

Example of how to [**pull docker image from minio bucket**](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/blob/master/template_example/dev/ansible/01_build_docker_image.yml). Pull of docker image process is defined in nomad-job, see next section [#creating-a-nomad-job](#creating-a-nomad-job)
```hcl
    task "web" {
      driver = "docker"
      artifact {
        source = "s3::http://127.0.0.1:9000/dev/tmp/docker_image.tar"
        options {
          aws_access_key_id     = "minioadmin"
          aws_access_key_secret = "minioadmin"
        }
      }
      config {
        load = "docker_image.tar"
        image = "docker_image:local"
      }
    }
  }
```

Author: Both of these are exemplified in the fetching and pushing resources sections already?

Reviewer 2: yes, as links.

##### b. Creating a nomad job
Next step is to create the nomad job that deploys our image. 
This guide will not focus on how to make a nomad job, but a full example can be found at [template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.
hcl](template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl). Your nomad job-file should go under `conf/nomad/`. If you made your own docker image see [fetching docker image](#fetching-resources-from-minio-with-nomad-docker-image) on how to use that in your nomad job. 

> When the nomad job-file has been created we can try and run it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the nomad job-file has been created we can try to run it. 
```

We can do this one of two ways:

- Log on the machine with `vagrant ssh` and run it with the nomad-cli available on the virtual machine. Remember that all files inside `/vagrant` are shared with the folder of this file, meaning you can go to `/vagrant/conf/nomad` to find your hcl-file. Then run it with `nomad job run <nameofhcl.hcl>`.  
- If you have the nomad-cli on your local machine you can run it from your local machine directly with `nomad job run <nameofhcl.hcl>`. 

After sending the job to nomad you can check the status by going to `localhost:4646`. If you see your job running you can go to the next step.

#### 3. Creating the Terraform Module

> Now that we know the nomad-job is working we want to write some terraform code that when imported will take the hcl-file and run the nomad-job. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Check official documentation - [Creation terraform modules](https://www.terraform.io/docs/modules/index.html)

Now that we know the nomad-job is working we want to write some terraform code that when imported will take the hcl-file and run the nomad-job. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
> :bulb: Check official documentation - [Creation terraform modules](https://www.terraform.io/docs/modules/index.html)
Now that we know the nomad-job is working we want to write some terraform code that when imported will take the hcl-file and run the nomad-job. 
```

This is our terraform module!

A terraform module normally consists of a minimum of three files, `main.tf`, `variables.tf`, `outputs.tf`. Technically we only need one, but it's customary to include at least these three. 
- `main.tf` contains the [resources](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html) used.
- `variables.tf` contains all variables used. 
- `outputs.tf` defines any output variables (if relevant). 
All files should be put in the root (same as the folder this README is in). 

##### main.tf
In our case the only thing our main.tf should contain is a resource that takes our nomad-job file and deploys it to Nomad. Below is an example of such a resource:

```hcl-terraform
resource "nomad_job" "countdash" {
  jobspec = file("${path.module}/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl")
  detach  = false
}
```

`${path.
module}` is the path to where our module is. `detach = false` tells terraform to wait for the service to be healthy in nomad before finishing. 

> [Documentation on the resource used](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/nomad/latest/docs/resources/job).

Reviewer 2: 2 lines instead of 3?
```suggestion
`${path.module}` is the path to where our module is. `detach = false` tells terraform to wait for the service to be healthy in nomad before finishing. 
[Documentation on the resource used](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/nomad/latest/docs/resources/job).
```

We can use
 this to automatically start our module when we run `make up`. 
 The ansible code for running terraform code is below. 
 Add this to `run-terraform.yml` or another aptly named file.

```yml
- name: Terraform
  terraform:
    project_path: ../../example
    force_init: true
    state: present
  register: terraform

- name: Terraform stdout
  debug:
    msg: "{{terraform.stdout}}"
```

#### 5. Making The Nomad Job More Dynamic With Terraform Variables
At this point we have a "hardcoded" nomad job. 
In the example there isn't really many variables that will benefit from being more dynamic, but we'll demonstrate using the image-name in this case. 
We want to use this to let the user choose their own image in our module. Create a `variables.tf` in the root-directory, then add the lines below

```hcl-terraform
variable "docker_image" {
  type        = string
  description = "docker image to use in module"
}
```
 
Now try to run this module like you've done earlier. 
At this point you'll get an error TODO:ADD ACTUAL ERROR MSG. 
This is because there is no code anywhere defining `container_name`. 

> TODO: FINISH THIS SECTION

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How dynamic the nomad job suppose to be is defined by the needs of the end-user who are going to use this module. There are two main methods that we recommend.

##### Method 1 - extract dynamic data into variables.tf

We advise starting simple with doing extraction of potentially dynamic data in nomad job, such as:
- job name
- list of data centers
- namespace (enterprise only)
- properties of [update stanza](https://www.nomadproject.io/docs/job-specification/update)
- [service name stanza](https://www.nomadproject.io/docs/job-specification/service#name)
- env variables in [template stanza](https://www.nomadproject.io/docs/job-specification/template)
- docker image in [task -> config -> image](https://www.nomadproject.io/docs/drivers/docker)
- ...

> Extracting variables is a process, so you do not need to extract all dynamic data at once. Try to prioritize user needs.

##### Method 2 - conditional rendering of nomad job
You can add a variable in `variables.tf` to define a condition.
This variable will be used to control if-statement how to render the nomad job.

Example:  

`variables.tf`

/```hcl
variable "use_canary" {
  type = bool
  description = "Uses canary deployment for Presto"
  default = false
}
/```

`nomad-job.hcl`
/```hcl
...
update {
  max_parallel      = 1
  health_check      = "checks"
  min_healthy_time  = "10s"
  healthy_deadline  = "12m"
  progress_deadline = "15m"
  %{ if use_canary }
  canary            = 1
  auto_promote      = true
  auto_revert       = true
  %{ endif }
  stagger           = "30s"
}
...
/```

```

#### 6. Integrating The Nomad Job With Vault
When we create modules we often need to provide our service with a key or a secret, and in some cases both. 
However, in either case we can use [Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/) to store keys and secrets that we can get later in our code. 

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Important to say, that all communication between `terraform` and `vault` is handled be [terraform-provider-vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/vault/latest/docs)
```

Author: ```suggestion
> :warning: All communication between `terraform` and `vault` is handled by [terraform-provider-vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/vault/latest/docs)
```

Let's use [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) as an example, and say we need to provide it with a username and password. 
The first thing you want to do is to create and store the username and password in Vault. 
For this purpose we'll be using the Vault binary, but keep in mind that we ultimately want to automate this using [Ansible-playbooks](). 
See the command below:
```sh
# Create a key 'username' with value 'pguser1' and the key 'password' with value '123456'
vault kv put secret/postgres username=pguser1 password=123456
```
You can go to [localhost:8200](http://localhost:8200/) to verify that your keys got uploaded.

> What we can do next, is to use the [template]() stanza inside our `.hcl` file, and use [consul-template syntax](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-template#secret) to render a our keys into to separate environment variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What we can do next, is to use the [template](https://www.nomadproject.io/docs/job-specification/template) stanza inside our `.hcl` file, and use [consul-template syntax](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-template#secret) to render our keys into to separate environment variables.
```

##### Method 1 - extract dynamic data into variables.tf

We advise starting simple with doing extraction of potentially dynamic data in nomad job, such as:
- job name
- list of data centers
- namespace (enterprise only)
- properties of [update stanza](https://www.nomadproject.io/docs/job-specification/update)
- [service name stanza](https://www.nomadproject.io/docs/job-specification/service#name)
- env variables in [template stanza](https://www.nomadproject.io/docs/job-specification/template)
- docker image in [task -> config -> image](https://www.nomadproject.io/docs/drivers/docker)
- ...

> Extracting variables is a process, so you do not need to extract all dynamic data at once. Try to prioritize user needs.

##### Method 2 - conditional rendering of nomad job
You can add a variable in `variables.tf` to define a condition.
This variable will be used to control if-statement how to render the nomad job.

Example:  

`variables.tf`

/```hcl
variable "use_canary" {
  type = bool
  description = "Uses canary deployment for Presto"
  default = false
}

> /```

Reviewer 2: You have to remove escape chars ` /``` ` -> ` ``` ` . One more example lies in next few lines after this

Author: Fixed in next commit that comes in. Just fixing some other stuff at the same time. Resolving to keep track of everything.

`nomad-job.hcl`
/```hcl
...
update {
  max_parallel      = 1
  health_check      = "checks"
  min_healthy_time  = "10s"
  healthy_deadline  = "12m"
  progress_deadline = "15m"
  %{ if use_canary }
  canary            = 1
  auto_promote      = true
  auto_revert       = true
  %{ endif }
  stagger           = "30s"
}
...
/```

#### 6. Integrating The Nomad Job With Vault
When we create modules we often need to provide our service with a key or a secret, and in some cases both. 
However, in either case we can use [Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/) to store keys and secrets that we can get later in our code. 

> > :warning: All communication between `terraform` and `vault` is handled by [terraform-provider-vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/vault/latest/docs)
> Let's use [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) as an example, and say we need to provide it with a username and password. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: All communication between `terraform` and `vault` is handled by [terraform-provider-vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/vault/latest/docs)

Let's use [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) as an example, and say we need to provide it with a username and password. 
```

Reviewer: Github parsed this as a quote so need to add spacing

Author: Thanks!

  4. [4. Using a Terraform Module](#4-using-a-terraform-module)
    1. [a. How To Use The Module and Run It Manually](#a-how-to-use-the-module-and-run-it-manually)
    2. [b. Using Ansible To Run the Code in the Previous Step On Startup](#b-using-ansible-to-run-the-code-in-the-previous-step-on-startup)
  5. [5. Making The Nomad Job More Dynamic With Terraform Variables](#5-making-the-nomad-job-more-dynamic-with-terraform-variables)
  6. [6. Integrating The Nomad Job With Vault](#6-integrating-the-nomad-job-with-vault)
  7. [7. CI/CD Pipeline To Continuously Test The Module When Changes Are Made](#7-cicd-pipeline-to-continuously-test-the-module-when-changes-are-made)

### Goal of This Guide

> :warning: Read the section `Description - what & why` in [README.md](/README.md) to get a quick introduction to what this repo is.

The template-repo you found this README in is specifically built to make it as easy and quick as possible to make terraform modules, and then test them inside the [vagrant-hashistack](https://app.vagrantup.com/fredrikhgrelland/boxes/hashistack) box. 

This guide aims to show you how to use this template. 
The steps we are going to walk through are as follows:

> 

Reviewer 2: Just an offer to complete the guide

```suggestion
0. Create repository from the template and run `make dev`
```

Author: Oh crap, this is a good point. I'll add a short section

```

### The development process

#### 1. Building Docker Image

> :warning: This section is only relevant if you want to build your own docker image.

Most of the terraform modules will deploy one or more docker-containers to Nomad. 
If you want to create your own docker-image, put the [`Dockerfile`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/) under [docker/](/docker/).
You can find an example where we build docker image for the module in [template_example](/template_example/docker)
#### 2. Deploying Container With Nomad
At this point you should have a service that will run when you start the docker container. 
Either you've made an image yourself, or you are using some pre-made docker image. 
The next step is then to deploy this container to our hashistack ecosystem. Nomad is running inside our virtual machine, and is used to deploy containers, and register them into Consul. 
It also has a tight integration with vault that we will use later. 

##### a. Making image available to Nomad

> :warning: Skip this step if you are using a pre-made image from [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/) or another registry

> The image we built in our first step is now available as an image on our local machine, but nomad inside the virtual machine does not have access to that. The only way nomad can
>  use our image is by [fetching it from MinIO](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/blob/master/template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl#L35-L36), which means we need to upload it to MinIO somehow.

Reviewer 2: 2 lines
```suggestion
The image we built in our first step is now available as an image on our local machine, but nomad inside the virtual machine does not have access to that.
The only way nomad can use our image is by [fetching it from MinIO](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/blob/master/template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl#L35-L36), which means we need to upload it to MinIO somehow.
```

From [the MinIO section](/getting_started_vagrantbox.md#2-minio) we know that anything inside `/vagrant` will be made available.
[This section](/README.md#pushing-resources-to-minio-with-ansible-docker-image) shows how we can use ansible code to get our image in a subfolder of `/vagrant`:

- 1. create a tmp folder in `/vagrant/dev` inside the box
- 2. build and archive our docker image (from inside the box) in that tmp folder

##### b. Creating a nomad job
Next step is to create the nomad job that deploys our image. 

> This guide will not focus on how to make a nomad job, but a full example can be found at [template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.
> hcl](template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl). Your nomad job-file should go under `conf/nomad/`. If you made your own docker image see [fetching docker image](#fetching-resources-from-minio-with-nomad-docker-image) on how to use that in your nomad job. 

Reviewer 2: lines formating
```suggestion
This guide will not focus on how to make a nomad job, but a full example can be found at [template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl](template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl).
Your nomad job-file should go under `conf/nomad/`. If you made your own docker image see [fetching docker image](#fetching-resources-from-minio-with-nomad-docker-image) on how to use that in your nomad job. 
```

When doing so you will get the error "Error: Missing required argument The argument "address" is required, but was not set.". 
This is because we are using a resource that deploys a nomad job, but nowhere in our terraform files have we defined _ what_ Nomad to use. 
At the moment no Nomad is known. This is where [providers]() come into the picture. They are providers for the resources we are using, and in our case we need to define a [Nomad provider](). 
We could do this in either of our `main.tf` files, but if we do it in our module's `main.tf` it will be very difficult for anyone to use our module, because the Nomad's address is predefined. 
Instead we should include what nomad to use in our example´s `main.tf`, which is simply an example of how to use the module, meaning anyone else wanting to use the module could supply their own nomad when using the module. 
To supply a provider add the lines below to your `example/main.tf` file:

```hcl-terraform
provider "nomad" {
  address = "http://127.0.0.1:4646"
}
```

> we have now told terraform what Nomad we want to use. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have now told terraform what Nomad we want to use. 
```

Try running your terraform code with `terraform init` (we need to load the nomad provider), `terraform plan` (this time it should succeed), then lastly `terraform apply`, which will execute the plan. 

> Go to `localhost:4646` to check if the nomad-job has started running, if it has, congratulations, you 
> have made your first working terraform module!

Reviewer 2: 1 line ?
```suggestion
Go to `localhost:4646` to check if the nomad-job has started running, if it has, congratulations, you have made your first working terraform module!
```

Author: Argh

##### b. Using Ansible To Run the Code in the Previous Step On Startup
In [getting_started_vagrantbox.md](/getting_started_vagrantbox.md) it was mentioned that ALL ansible tasks put inside `dev/ansible/` will be run when the box starts. 

> We can use
>  this to automatically start our module when we run `make up`. 
>  The ansible code for running terraform code is below. 
>  Add this to `run-terraform.yml` or another aptly named file.

Reviewer 2: Line formatting 
```suggestion
We can use this to automatically start our module when we run `make up`.
The ansible code for running terraform code is below.
Add this to `run-terraform.yml` or another aptly named file.
```

Example:  

`variables.tf`

```hcl
variable "use_canary" {
  type = bool
  description = "Uses canary deployment for Presto"
  default = false
}
```

`nomad-job.hcl`
```hcl
...
update {
  max_parallel      = 1
  health_check      = "checks"
  min_healthy_time  = "10s"
  healthy_deadline  = "12m"
  progress_deadline = "15m"
  %{ if use_canary }
  canary            = 1
  auto_promote      = true
  auto_revert       = true
  %{ endif }
  stagger           = "30s"
}
...
```

#### 6. Integrating The Nomad Job With Vault
When we create modules we often need to provide our service with a key or a secret, and in some cases both. 
However, in either case we can use [Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/) to store keys and secrets that we can get later in our code. 
> :warning: All communication between `terraform` and `vault` is handled by [terraform-provider-vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/vault/latest/docs)

Let's use [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) as an example, and say we need to provide it with a username and password. 
The first thing you want to do is to create and store the username and password in Vault. 

> For this purpose we'll be using the Vault binary, but keep in mind that we ultimately want to automate this using [Ansible-playbooks](). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this purpose we'll be using the Vault binary, but keep in mind that we ultimately want to automate this using [Ansible-playbooks](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks.html). 
```

Forgot - my bad

```hcl-terraform
template {
    destination = "local/secrets/.envs"
    change_mode = "noop"
    env         = true
    data        = <<EOF
PG_USERNAME={{ with secret "secret/postgres" }}{{ Data.username }}{{ end }}
PG_PASSWORD={{ with secret "secret/postgres" }}{{ Data.password }}{{ end }}
EOF
}
```
When you re-run your code using `terraform apply`, the environment variables created in the template should now be available inside the running task container.

> :bulb: Note that you can use [Vault plugin](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/internals/plugins) to get more useful functionallity out of Vault.

#### 7. CI/CD Pipeline To Continuously Test The Module When Changes Are Made
To test repositories you can use [github actions](https://github.com/features/actions). 
They are written as workflows, which you can find under [.github/workflows](/.github/workflows).
In this template a `make test` will be run with all permutations of configuration switches provided by the vagrant-hashistack box every time a PR is created or altered. 
Refer to [test configuration](/README.md#test-configuration-and-execution) for details. 

> To change what tests are run you can either rewrite the `test` target in te [Makefile](/Makefile), or the workflows directly.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change what tests are run you can either rewrite the `test` target in the [Makefile](/Makefile), or the workflows directly.  
```
Sorry, it was impossible to unsee it :eyes:

2. [Deploying Container With Nomad](#2-deploying-container-with-nomad)
3. [Creating The Terraform Module](#3-creating-the-terraform-module)
4. [Using a Terraform Module](#4-using-a-terraform-module)
5. [Making The Nomad Job More Dynamic With Terraform Variables](#5-making-the-nomad-job-more-dynamic-with-terraform-variables)
6. [Integrating The Nomad Job With Vault](#6-integrating-the-nomad-job-with-vault)
7. [CI/CD Pipeline To Continuously Test The Module When Changes Are Made](#7-cicd-pipeline-to-continuously-test-the-module-when-changes-are-made)

### Directory Structure
All directories have their own uses, detailed below:

```text
├── conf
│   └── nomad #----------------------- All nomad job files should go here
├── dev
│   ├── ansible #--------------------- All playbooks
│   └── vagrant #--------------------- All box spesific jobs
├── docker #-------------------------- Dockerfile and docker-image related files
├── example #------------------------- Should include a working example(s) of your module
└── template_example #---------------- An example module for reference
```

### The development process

#### 0. Creating A Repository

> Before we begin you need to create your own repository. Do that by pressing [Use this template](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/generate). The
>  rest of the steps for this guide should be done inside your own repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before we begin you need to create your own repository. Do that by pressing [Use this template](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/generate).
The rest of the steps for this guide should be done inside your own repository.
```

This files contains variables that will be available as [output variables](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/outputs.html) when you use a module. 
Below is first an example of how to define output-variables, then an example of how to use a module, and access their output variables.
Defining output variables:

 ```hcl-terraform
output "nomad_job" {
  value       = nomad_job.countdash
  description = "The countdash nomad job object"
}
```

> :bulb: Together inputs and outputs should create a very clear picture of how a module should be used. 
>For example in our hive module we have clearly defined that it needs to have a postgres-address as an input. 
>In our postgres module we have an output that is exactly that. In other words, we might need to import and setup a postgres-module before setting up our hive-module, so that we get a postgres-address to give our hive-module. 
>Or, if we already have a postgres-address available, we could supply that instead. The goal is to clearly define the needs of a module, while at the same time making it flexible and generic (in the example of hive we give the user the ability to use any postgres they'd like). 

> >How to use variables and outputs will be shown later in [make the module more dynamic]().

Reviewer 2: Missing link `[make the module more dynamic]()`

Author: fixed!

#### 4. Using a Terraform Module
At this point we have created three files (or one): 

- `main.tf` 
- `variables.tf` 
- `outputs.tf` 

Together they do one thing: Start a nomad job. 
Aren't we done with our goal then? Almost. We still need to verify that it works the way we expect it to. 
Next step is to write some terraform code that runs the module we just made. Then we'll import that code to our virtual machine and run it there. 
There are two steps to this:
1. Write the code that uses the module, and run it manually inside the virtual machine 
2. Write ansible code that'll run it automatically when you start the box.

Below is an example on how to use a module:

 ```hcl-terraform
module "minio" {
  source      = "github.com/fredrikhgrelland/terraform-nomad-minio.git?ref=0.0.3"
}
```

This will fetch the module at the given source. 

> In the case above it is a MinIO module, version 0.0.3. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the case above it is a [MinIO module, version 0.0.3](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/terraform-nomad-minio/releases/tag/0.0.3) 
```

##### a. How To Use The Module and Run It Manually
Create a file called `main.
tf` under the `example/` directory, and add the code above, change the module's name, and source. The source is `../` 

> in this case because that is where our module files are, relative to the `main.tf` you are writing this in. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a file called `main.tf` under the `example/` directory, and add the code above, change the module's name, and source.
The source is `../` in this case because that is where our module files are, relative to the `main.tf` you are writing this in. 
```

Author: already fixed this, resolving

At this point you should have a service that will run when you start the docker container. 
Either you've made an image yourself, or you are using some pre-made docker image. 
The next step is then to deploy this container to our hashistack ecosystem. Nomad is running inside our virtual machine, and is used to deploy containers, and register them into Consul. 
It also has a tight integration with Vault that we will use later. 

##### a. Making image available to Nomad

> :warning: Skip this step if you are using a pre-made image from [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/), or another registry

The image we built in our first step is now available as an image on our local machine, but nomad inside the virtual machine does not have access to that.

> The only way Nomad can use our image is by [fetching it from MinIO](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/blob/master/template_example/conf/Nomad/countdash.hcl#L35-L36), which means we need to upload it to MinIO somehow.

Reviewer 2: Otherwise, 404 Not Found
```suggestion
The only way Nomad can use our image is by [fetching it from MinIO](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/blob/master/template_example/conf/nomad/countdash.hcl#L35-L36), which means we need to upload it to MinIO somehow.
```

> :bulb: Note that you can use [Vault plugin](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/internals/plugins) to get more useful functionallity out of Vault.

#### 7. CI/CD Pipeline To Continuously Test The Module When Changes Are Made
To test repositories you can use [github actions](https://github.com/features/actions). 

> They are written as workflows, which you can find under [.github/workflows](/.github
> /workflows).

Reviewer 2: one line
```suggestion
They are written as workflows, which you can find under [.github/workflows](/.github/workflows).
```

Author: Sonofa... Okokok, I'll end this once and for all. And thank you

Author: Done
